In the HTML, I created a basic layout for the To-do list application. There is a heading, a form with an input field and a button, and an unordered list to display the tasks. The form is used to add new tasks to the list, and the input field is where the user will enter the task. The button is used to trigger the "addTask" function when clicked. The unordered list is where the tasks will be displayed. The CSS and JavaScript files are linked in the head of the HTML document.

In the CSS, I styled the various elements of the To-do list application. I set the font family for the body, centered the heading and the form, styled the input field and button to look nice, styled the unordered list, and added some basic styling to the tasks when they are displayed in the list.

In the JavaScript, I created the "addTask" function which is triggered when the "Add" button is clicked. Inside this function, I first get the value of the input field and store it in a variable called "task". Then I create a new list item (li) element and set its class to "task". I then add the task text to this li element, and create a new span element to hold the "delete" button (X). I then add the span element to the li element, and finally append the li element to the unordered list. I also added the functionality to delete the task by clicking the X button.

Overall, this code is a basic example of a To-do list application that allows the user to add, delete, and update items. The user can add a task by entering text in the input field and clicking the "Add" button. The task will then be displayed in a list, and the user can delete tasks by clicking the "X" button. The HTML provides the layout and structure of the application, the CSS provides the styling, and the JavaScript provides the functionality for adding, deleting, and updating tasks.